https://www.worldanvil.com/w/glass-immortals-brianmcclellan/a/godglass-material

The effects of all Cursed Glass is cumulative. Ex: A piece of High Resonance Auraglass Glass also have the effects its Low & Normal Resonance forms.

Whenever a CE save or mod is mentioned, it is that of the smith.

Cureglass 
	Red
	Healing properties
	Low: As a Bonus Action, a wearer can roll a number of d6s equal to your CE mod. The creature regains HP equal to the total rolled. Any d6s not used can be later used as another Action.
		Omniglass: These become d8s
	Normal: As a Bonus Action, a wearer can spend 2 of the glass' d6s to remove 1 Condition from themselves.
		Omniglass: Removing a Condition only costs 1 die.
	High: Once per turn as a Free Action, the wearer can roll the d6s to regain HP. Additoanlly, the number of d6s becomes double your CE mod.
		Omniglass: A wearer can also regain as a Reaction to taking damage.
	
Dazeglass
	Maroon
	Mind-numbing properties. Its main uses are as a sleep aid, an anesthetic for surgery, or recreational use.
	Low: A wearer can complete a Long Rest in half as much time as they normally would. Ex: The normal Long Rest time for most creatures in 8 hours, so they would complete a Long Rest in 4 hours with Dazeglass.
		The time to complete a Short Rest is also halved.
	Normal: A wearer can as an Action gain the effects of Catnap, but it only takes 30s (5 rounds) to complete.
		Omniglass: The time is reduced to 18s (3 rounds).
	High: If a creature touches a piece of High Resonance Dazeglass, they must make a Consitution saving thrown eqaul to your CE save DC. If the creature fails, they are Stunned as long as the glass maintains its Resonance. They can repeat the saving thrown at the end of each of their turns and the Dazeglass loses its Resonance.
		Omniglass: The DC becomes your CE save DC +2.
	
Fearglass
	Black
	Augments fear, driving its victim to running until the heart gives out and the mind breaks.
	Low: If a creature touches a piece of Low Resonance Fearglass, they must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw eqaul to your CE save DC. On a failure they become Frightened of all non-friendly creatures, as long as the glass maintains its Resonance. The Frightened target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect & causing the Fearglass to loses its Resonance.
		Omniglass: The DC becomes your CE save DC +1.
	Normal: If a creature touches a piece of Normal Resonance Fearglass, they must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw eqaul to your CE save DC. On a failure they become Frightened of all non-friendly creatures & they must take the Dash action and move away from any creature they are Frightened of by the safest available route on each of its turns, unless there is nowhere to move, as long as the glass maintains its Resonance. The Frightened target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect & causing the Fearglass to loses its Resonance.
		Omniglass: The DC becomes your CE save DC +2.
	High: If a creature touches a piece of High Resonance Fearglass, they must make a Wisdom saving thrown eqaul to your CE save DC. If the creature fails, they are Paralyzed as long as the glass maintains its Resonance. They can repeat the saving thrown at the end of each of their turns and the Dazeglass loses its Resonance.
		Omniglass: The DC becomes your CE save DC +3.
	 
Hammerglass 
	Dark-blue
	Amplifies hardness and durability, making it harder than steel. 
	Low: Weapons & Armor made of Hammerglass are treated as being made of Adamantine.
		Omniglass: The critical range is increased by 1.
	Normal: Weapons & Armor made of Hammerglass are a +1 magic item.
		Omniglass: When a creature is hit by a Hammerglass weapon, they must make a Strenght save against your CE save DC or fall Prone.
	High: Weapons & Armor made of Hammerglass have an additional +1 (+2 magic item).
		Omniglass: The bonus gains an additional +1 (+3 magic item).
	
Milkglass 
	White
	Numbs pain
	Low: Pain is numbed for a wearer, they ingnore the effects of Broken Limbs.
		Omniglass: The wearer can also ingnore thee effects of 1 Missing Arm or 1 Missing Leg.
	Normal: A wearer no longer feels pain. When a wearer would normally fall Unconscious from their HP hitting 0, they instead contuine to fight. At the start of each of their turns they roll a Death savig throw. If they fail 3 death saves (a wearer doesn't automatilly fail death save from taking damage while in this state), they die immediately. If they successed on 3 death saves, they regain 1 HP & the Dazeglass loses its Resonance.
		Omniglass: The regained HP is now eqaul to a quarter of the wearer's HP, rounded up.
	High: A wearer can fail or succese on 5 death saves before the effect of Milkglass take effect.
		Omniglass: The number of failed or succeseful saves becomes 6.
	
Razorglass 
	Pink
	Enhances sharpness
	Low: A weapon made of Razorglass has a +1 to attack & damage rolls.
		Omniglass: The bonus to attak & damage rolls becomes +2
	Normal: When you attack a creature with a weapon made of Razorglass and roll a 20 on the attack roll, that target takes an extra 14 Slashing damage. Then roll another d20. If you roll a 20, you lop off one of the target's limbs, with the effect of such loss determined by the GM. If the creature has no limb to sever, you lop off a portion of its body instead.
		Omniglass: Both instances now trigger on a 19 or 20.
	High: When you attack a creature with a weapon made of Razorglass that has at least one head with this weapon and roll a 20 on the attack roll, you cut off one of the creature's heads. The creature dies if it can't survive without the lost head. A creature is immune to this effect if it is immune to slashing damage, doesn't have or need a head, has legendary actions, or the GM decides that the creature is too big for its head to be cut off with this weapon. Such a creature instead takes an extra 6d8 Slashing damage from the hit.
		Omniglass: The damage to a creature that doesn't lose its head, increases to 6d12.
	
Shackleglass 
	Light-green
	Makes wearers obedient and truthful.
	Low: If a creature touches a piece of Low Resonance Shackleglass, they can't speak a deliberate lie.
		Omniglass: The Shackleglass now effects all creatures withing 5ft of it.
	Normal: If a creature touches a piece of High Resonance Shackleglass, they must truthfully answer any questions they are asked. 
		Omniglass: The Shackleglass now effects all creatures withing 15ft of it.
	High: If a creature touches a piece of High Resonance Shackleglass, they must make a Charisma saving thrown eqaul to your CE save DC. If the creature fails, they are Incapacitated as long as the glass maintains its Resonance. They can repeat the saving thrown at the end of each of their turns and the Shackleglass loses its Resonance. However, if they remain Incapacitated for 1 minute, they fall Unconscious until the Shackleglass loses its Resonance.
		Omniglass: The time to fall Unconscious is now 30s (5 rounds).
	
Sightglass 
	Silver
	Amplifies sight
	Low: A wearer has 120ft of Darkvision.
		Omniglass: The wearer gains the effects of the Devil’s Sight Invocation.
	Normal: A wearer has Keen Sight.
		Omniglass: The wearer gains Expertise in Perception.
	High: A wearer has 30ft of Truesight.
		Omniglass: The Truesight range increases to 0ft.

-----Ability Score Glass-----

Auraglass [switched to Wisdom]
	Orange
	Magnifies its wearer's natural Wisdom.
	Low: A wearer gains a bonus to Wisdom skill checks eaqual to half your CE mod, rounded up.
		Omniglass: The bonus becomes your full CE mod.
	Normal: A wearer has Advantage on Wisdom skill checks and saving throws. 
		Omniglass: A wearer gains Reliable Talent for Wisdom skill checks.
	High: A wearer gains a +3 to their Wisdom score.
		Omniglass: The bonus increases to a +4.

Forgeglass 
	Yellow
	Pushes the body beyond normal physical limits by increasing strength, speed, and stamina.
	Low: A wearer gains a bonus to Strength skill checks eaqual to half your CE mod, rounded up.
		Omniglass: The bonus becomes your full CE mod.
	Normal: A wearer has Advantage on Strength skill checks and saving throws. 
		Omniglass: A wearer gains Reliable Talent for Strength skill checks.
	High: A wearer gains a +3 to their Strength score.
		Omniglass: The bonus increases to a +4.

Witglass 
	Purple
	Augmented the natural mental faculties of its wearer. 
	Low: A wearer gains a bonus to Intelligence skill checks eaqual to half your CE mod, rounded up.
		Omniglass: The bonus becomes your full CE mod.
	Normal: A wearer has Advantage on Intelligence skill checks and saving throws. 
		Omniglass: A wearer gains Reliable Talent for Intelligence skill checks.
	High: A wearer gains a +3 to their Intelligence score.
		Omniglass: The bonus increases to a +4.

Museglass [switched to Charisma]
	Peach
	Enhances creativity. Generally, artisans of all sorts wear museglass, but there are also other psychological applications.
	Low: A wearer gains a bonus to Charisma skill checks eaqual to half your CE mod, rounded up.
		Omniglass: The bonus becomes your full CE mod.
	Normal: A wearer has Advantage on Charisma skill checks and saving throws. 
		Omniglass: A wearer gains Reliable Talent for Charisma skill checks.
	High: A wearer gains a +3 to their Charisma score.
		Omniglass: The bonus increases to a +4.

Skyglass [switched to Dexterity]
	Light-blue
	Calms the nerves and mind. People often use it to lull them to sleep or to curb strong emotional reactions, such as anger or fear.
	Low: A wearer gains a bonus to Dexterity skill checks eaqual to half your CE mod, rounded up.
		Omniglass: The bonus becomes your full CE mod.
	Normal: A wearer has Advantage on Dexterity skill checks and saving throws. 
		Omniglass: A wearer gains Reliable Talent for Dexterity skill checks.
	High: A wearer gains a +3 to their Dexterity score.
		Omniglass: The bonus increases to a +4.