Aberration Blood: With a bitter taste and a sharp unpleasant smell, aberration blood is a substance unpleasant to drink. When you drink the blood of an aberration for the first time in 24 hours, you must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be afflicted with indefinite madness. 
	When you consume 30 hit points worth of aberration blood, you gain resistance to psychic damage until you finish a short or long rest.
Beast Blood: The blood of a beast tastes like iron and salt. When you consume 10 hit points worth of beast blood, you have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks for 1 hour.
Celestial Blood: With its strong sweet flavor and a hint of acidity, celestial blood is an acquired taste to be sure. If you drink celestial blood without the celestial’s consent, you must make a DC 20 Constitution saving throw. On a successful save, you are immune to celestial blood’s side effects for 24 hours. On a failed save, you die immediately.
	When you consume 50 hit points worth of celestial blood, you become immune to diseases and regain 64 1d4 + 1 hit point at the start of each of your turns until you finish a short or long rest.
Construct Blood: Normally, constructs don’t have blood, but some spells and magical effects can harvest the magical energies that keep the construct together and transform such energies into a liquid called “false blood”.
	When you consume 15 hit points worth of false construct blood, you are immune to any spell or effect that would otherwise alter your form for 1 hour.
Dragon Blood: Though the taste of metallic dragon blood and chromatic dragon blood differs, all dragon blood has the same dense, magical, and inviting fragrance.
	When you consume 25 hit points worth of dragon blood, your spell save DC increases by 1 until you finish a short or long rest.
Elemental Blood: The magical essence that gives life to elementals course freely and without form in their bodies. Thus, harvesting the blood of an elemental requires a more magical approach.
	When you consume 20 hit points worth of elemental blood, you have immunity to poison damage and you are immune to being poisoned until you finish a short or long rest.
Fey Blood: The blood of fey comes in a variety of colors, tastes, and fragrances, all of which are pleasant and satisfying. When you drink the blood of a fey for the first time in 24 hours, you must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or have disadvantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma related ability checks until you finish a short or long rest.
	When you consume 25 hit points worth of fey blood, you can communicate with beasts and plants as if you are under the effects of the speak with animals and speak with plants spell.
Fiend Blood: The blood of fiends is acidic and very bitter, and it has a burning magical nature. When you drink the blood of a fiend for the first time in 24 hours, you must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or take 7 (2d6) acid and 7 (2d6) fire damage.
	When you consume 10 hit points worth of fiend blood, you are immune to either fire or poison damage (determined by the GM) until you finish a short or long rest.
Giant Blood: A giant’s blood pressurizes the veins in the consumer’s body, making them visible through the skin. It tastes salty.
	When you consume 10 hit points worth of giant blood, your Strength score increases by 2 for 1 hour. Also, you can use weapons that are one size category larger than you without any penalties for the duration.
Humanoid Blood: As it has iron in it, humanoid blood tastes like metal. Drinking humanoid blood has no side effects or benefits.
Monstrosity Blood. The blood of magically created creatures feels thinner than humanoid blood and is magically richer. Similar to humanoid blood, monstrosity blood also tastes like iron with the addition of a sour aftertaste.
	When you consume 30 hit points worth of monstrosity blood, you are immune to the effects of the next spell or magical effect that would otherwise damage you, reduce your hit point maximum, kill you, decrease one or more of your ability scores, or makes you suffer exhaustion until you finish a long rest.
Ooze Blood: One must use a process similar to the extraction of construct blood in order to harvest the blood of an ooze. Their fake blood is more slimy than that of a construct and has more of a savory taste.
	When you consume 15 hit points worth of false ooze blood, you can elongate your limbs for 1 hour. Your reach increases by 5 feet for the duration.
Plant Blood: Just like constructs and oozes, plants have false blood. The false blood of a plant is sweet and sour, and has an adhesive nature.
	When you consume 20 hit points worth of false plant blood, your skin is covered with a thin layer of bark until you finish a long rest. You have a +1 bonus to AC for the duration.
Undead Blood: Some undead have blood in their body, and some don’t. Regardless, their blood can’t directly be consumed. False blood extracted from an undead smells and tastes rotten and seems darker than regular blood.
	When you consume 10 hit points worth of false undead blood, you don’t need to eat or drink to sustain yourself and when you suffer a critical hit, you suffer a normal hit instead until you finish a long rest.